the Israeli military has expanded its
evacuation orders in southern Gaza it
told civilians in Han yunas to urgently
leave the center of the city military
officials claim the city is the main
stronghold of Hamas both Israel and
Hamas which is considered a terrorist
organization by numerous countries have
also reported a surgeon fighting in
Northern Gaza all this as Palestinian
civilians search for
safety destruction as far as the eye can
see this is what Gaza City looks like 2
months into Israel's military
campaign an Israeli flag raised in the
middle of the city's symbolic Palestine
Square similar scenes of Devastation
further north in
jabalia the survivors are seeking safety
in other parts of the
strip I was in Ukraine when families
just like these were forced to flee and
the World opened its heart to them I do
not understand now why the world is
closed its
[Music]
eyes the Israeli Army says it is engaged
in Street combat in
jabalia they released this footage
claiming to show a raid where they
killed two militants
[Music]
the fierce fighting has displaced
thousands of
Palestinians like this family at a camp
in central Gaza living under squalid
conditions what do you want what do you
want to happen to us massacres there
were massacres what do you want more
massacres our children are hungry the
water is bad the bathrooms are bad there
is no life in Gaza we don't have food no
safe areas no place to keep my children
safe life is
tragic a vast majority of gazin have
been displaced by the war hospitals are
overrun access to Aid is
limited and the UN Wars Society is on
the verge of
collapse our correspondent Tanya kma is
standing by for us in Jerusalem what
more can you tell us about the fighting
Tanya well as we've seen in the report
is heavy fighting reported in the north
of Gaza but also in the south in the
north it's mainly as we understand here
in the jabala area and also in Jaya
which is an Eastern neighborhood of Gaza
City in the South it's concentrating
very much on Khan Yunis in the past days
but also there have been air strikes
reported uh in the central areas uh
there we also heard uh last night on
Saturday uh from the uh Israel's
National Security advisor that despite
the pressure uh to do more for the
protection of civilians and also
eventually ending uh uh the war Israel
doesn't see the end uh of a war anytime
soon that they will continue as he said
uh pressuring on Hamas because they want
to continue uh to go after Hamas and
eliminating
them where do Palestinians now have to
flee
to well we also heard that in the report
and that's what people tell me also when
I talk to them uh on the phone for the
past weeks they are simply uh saying
there is no safe area in Gaza to go to
uh many of them have been displaced many
times they have been moving first in the
first weeks of the War uh from the north
to the South now many have been seeking
Refuge or or shelter in Khan Yunis they
have been again told in the past days to
move from certain areas in uh khun is
further south towards RAF on the
Egyptian border but also uh towards the
West there's a uh a safe safer Zone in
marasi but it's a very limited stretch
of land near the uh Shores of Gaza where
people say there's no infrastructure uh
people uh they're living sometimes with
relatives if they're very lucky to to
move in with them but um you know some
of them are now in the streets uh many
are now moving towards Rafer and then
people they also saying what happens if
uh Israel expending its ground offensive
even further south and also we're
hearing from humanitarian organizations
that they have difficulties mainly from
the United Nations uh now to distribute
a because of the heavy fighting going on
uh in the South as well they're mainly
Distributing now around Rafa but they
cannot reach uh the people they need to
reach in other areas the latest there
from DW Tanya K thank you very much
Tanya